CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# CONTRIBUTING

If you would like to contribute this project please follow the following guidelines:  

1. For Existing Feature Requests/Issues:  
   - Assign the issue you want to work on to yourself.  
   - Create a new branch for your issue from the 'dev' branch.  
   - Once you complete all your work to complete the issue push your changes to the branch and submit a pull request (from your issue's branch to the dev branch).  
   - Once your code changes are approved, the newly created branch for the issue will be merged and deleted.  
   
2. For non-existent Feature Requests/Issues:  
   - Go to the issues tab and create a new issue.
   - Label your issue as "Request", if you don't use this label, your request will not be processed.
   - Your request will be reviewed, if there is an issue it will be labeled as "invalid" and you will be asked to provided more information.
   - If the request is denied it will be labeled as "wontfix",
   - If the request is approved it will be labeled as "enhancement" and added dto the backlog to be worked on.  
   
> *For more information please see the README file.*

## OSS Policy

Any third-party components added to the project must be of the same license as this project (MIT) or have a compatible license. 
This means that any software that does not comply with the MIT license must be developed from scratch if there are no other alternatives that also comply with the MIT license.

---
> **Copyright Regina Baher, 2021.**  
> Licensed under MIT License.  
> *Please see LICENSE for full license.*

Commit message:

Fixing Issue #5: Added link to site to help contributers compare lisences for compatibility.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# CONTRIBUTING

If you would like to contribute this project please follow the following guidelines:  

1. For Existing Feature Requests/Issues:  
   - Assign the issue you want to work on to yourself.  
   - Create a new branch for your issue from the 'dev' branch.  
   - Once you complete all your work to complete the issue push your changes to the branch and submit a pull request (from your issue's branch to the dev branch).  
   - Once your code changes are approved, the newly created branch for the issue will be merged and deleted.  
   
2. For non-existent Feature Requests/Issues:  
   - Go to the issues tab and create a new issue.
   - Label your issue as "Request", if you don't use this label, your request will not be processed.
   - Your request will be reviewed, if there is an issue it will be labeled as "invalid" and you will be asked to provided more information.
   - If the request is denied it will be labeled as "wontfix",
   - If the request is approved it will be labeled as "enhancement" and added dto the backlog to be worked on.  
   
> *For more information please see the README file.*

## OSS Policy

Any third-party components added to the project must be of the same license as this project (MIT) or have a compatible license. 
This means that any software that does not comply with the MIT license must be developed from scratch if there are no other alternatives that also comply with the MIT license.  

> *Please see: https://tldrlegal.com/ for more information on Licenses and compatibility.*  

---
> **Copyright Regina Baher, 2021.**  
> Licensed under MIT License.  
> *Please see LICENSE for full license.*
