README.md, before:

# ENSF619.2-RSVP_Module

This is a course project for ENSF 619.2 F21. 

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate OSS techniques and eventually have a functioning node-based Events RSVP Module.  


## Installation  

Please follow these instructions to have a working copy of this project on your machine.  
NOTE: You will need a Google account to setup this project  

1. Local Machine Setup:
   - Clone the repository
   - Install Node version 16 LTS  
		- I recommend using nvm (Node version management). It simplifies node development.
		- *NOTE: npm is installed with Node, no further action needed*
   - Install Postman or another system that allows you to send HTTP requests and view the responses.  		
2. Firebase Setup:  
   - Login to the firebase website using your Google account  
   - Create a new project by clicking the "Add Project" button and follow the prompts  
   - Select the **Firestore database** from the menu on the left side and follow the prompts to create the database  
   - Go to the project settings, click the service accounts tab, then press the "Generate new private key" button to save your permissions file  
      - This file is used for authenticating your DB requests  
   - cd into the root folder, then the **functions** folder, and create a `.env` in the root folder of the project and add your DB URL: `DB_URL="<your db URL>"`  
     enter your permissions file name in the .env file: `PERMISSIONS="<full path to your permissions file>"` ex. `PERMISSIONS="../permissions.json"`
   - Now, we are ready to initialize our DB  
      - Open a terminal in the root of the project and run
        - `npm install -g firebase-tools`
        - `firebase login` 
        - `firebase init functions`   
      - You will be asked to associate the project with a Firebase project, select "Use existing Project" and follow the prompts  
      - Next, you will be asked which language to use, select "Javascript"  
      - Then you will be asked about Eslint, type 'y' for yes.  
      - Lastly, you will be asked if you want to install dependencies, type 'y' for yes.  
  - Then run `firebase init firestore` and use the default values.
  - add `  parser: "babel-eslint",` to the .eslintrc.js file
3. Initializing the Project:
   - Using npm install the following packages: firebase-functions, firebase-admin, firebase-tools, firebaseui, express, cors, babel-eslint@8.2.6, eslint@4.19.1, body-parser, dotenv.  
     - Install everything at once: `npm install dotenv body-parser firebase-functions express cors firebase-admin firebase-tools  babel-eslint@8 eslint@4.x`  
   - cd into the root folder, then the **functions** folder, and run `npm install`  
   - Run `npm run serve` to start the server.  
   - TODO: In the test folder you can find Postman files, upload them to your Postman App to ensure the module is working.   

---  
>  ### Contributing  
>  Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for guidelines on contributing to this project, submitting feature requests, issues, and even suggestions on improving the README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md.  
---  
### Common Errors
1. If you see an error while running `npm run lint` or `npm run serve` saying babel-eslint cannot be found, please uninstall `eslint` and `babel-eslint` and reinstall them: `npm install babel-eslint@8 eslint@4.x`
2. 	If when you run `npm run serve` to start the server, the **Functions emulator** starts but the **Firestore emulator** is not, please open a terminal in the root of the project and run the following command to start the **Firebase Emulator Suite**:
         `firebase emulators:start`
---  
### Licensing
This project is licensed under the MIT license and is copyright Regina Baher. Please see LICENSE for the full license.

Commit message:

exported postman api tests and updated readme and contributing files.

README.md, after:

# ENSF619.2-RSVP_Module

This is a course project for ENSF 619.2 F21. 

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate OSS techniques and eventually have a functioning node-based Events RSVP Module.  


## Installation  

Please follow these instructions to have a working copy of this project on your machine.  
NOTE: You will need a Google account to setup this project  

1. Local Machine Setup:
   - Clone the repository
   - Install Node version 16 LTS  
		- I recommend using nvm (Node version management). It simplifies node development.
		- *NOTE: npm is installed with Node, no further action needed*
   - Install Postman or another system that allows you to send HTTP requests and view the responses.  		
2. Firebase Setup:  
   - Login to the firebase website using your Google account  
   - Create a new project by clicking the "Add Project" button and follow the prompts  
   - Select the **Firestore database** from the menu on the left side and follow the prompts to create the database  
   - Go to the project settings, click the service accounts tab, then press the "Generate new private key" button to save your permissions file  
      - This file is used for authenticating your DB requests  
   - cd into the root folder, then the **functions** folder, and create a `.env` in the root folder of the project and add your DB URL: `DB_URL="<your db URL>"`  
     enter your permissions file name in the .env file: `PERMISSIONS="<full path to your permissions file>"` ex. `PERMISSIONS="../permissions.json"`
   - Now, we are ready to initialize our DB  
      - Open a terminal in the root of the project and run
        - `npm install -g firebase-tools`
        - `firebase login` 
        - `firebase init functions`   
      - You will be asked to associate the project with a Firebase project, select "Use existing Project" and follow the prompts  
      - Next, you will be asked which language to use, select "Javascript"  
      - Then you will be asked about Eslint, type 'y' for yes.  
      - Lastly, you will be asked if you want to install dependencies, type 'y' for yes.  
  - Then run `firebase init firestore` and use the default values.
  - add `  parser: "babel-eslint",` to the .eslintrc.js file
3. Initializing the Project:
   - Using npm install the following packages: firebase-functions, firebase-admin, firebase-tools, firebaseui, express, cors, babel-eslint@8.2.6, eslint@4.19.1, body-parser, dotenv.  
     - Install everything at once: `npm install dotenv body-parser firebase-functions express cors firebase-admin firebase-tools  babel-eslint@8 eslint@4.x`  
   - cd into the root folder, then the **functions** folder, and run `npm install`  
   - Run `npm run serve` to start the server.  
   - TODO: In the test folder you can find Postman files, upload them to your Postman App to ensure the module is working.   

---  
### Testing
Upload `firebase-api.postman_collection.json` to Postman.  
Update the URL to your Firestore URL (Which can be found on your terminal after starting the server).  
Follow the examples provided in Postman, and follow the JSON Schemas found in the folder `functions/schema`.  
  
---  
### Common Errors
1. If you see an error while running `npm run lint` or `npm run serve` saying babel-eslint cannot be found, please uninstall `eslint` and `babel-eslint` and reinstall them: `npm install babel-eslint@8 eslint@4.x`
2. 	If when you run `npm run serve` to start the server, the **Functions emulator** starts but the **Firestore emulator** is not, please open a terminal in the root of the project and run the following command to start the **Firebase Emulator Suite**:
         `firebase emulators:start`

---  
>  ### Contributing  
>  Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for guidelines on contributing to this project, submitting feature requests, issues, and even suggestions on improving the README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md.  
---  
### Licensing
This project is licensed under the MIT license and is copyright Regina Baher. Please see LICENSE for the full license.
